Sql transport packages (#6111)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/sql/index.md

|Installers                 |Optional
|Native integration         |[Supported](native-integration.md)

## Packages

> NServiceBus [supports](/nservicebus/upgrades/supported-versions.md) two SQL transport packages [NServiceBus.Transport.SqlServer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.Transport.SqlServer) and  [NServiceBus.SqlServer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.SqlServer). The NServiceBus.Transport.SqlServer package uses Microsoft.Data.SqlClient and the  NServiceBus.SqlServer uses System.Data.SqlClient that was originally part of .NET Framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SQL Server transport is available in two different packages:

* [NServiceBus.Transport.SqlServer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.Transport.SqlServer), which uses the newer [Microsoft.Data.SqlClient](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient)
* [NServiceBus.SqlServer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.SqlServer), which uses the [System.Data.SqlClient](https://www.nuget.org/packages/System.Data.SqlClient) that was originally part of the .NET Framework.

A transport package should be selected based on the SqlClient used by the rest of the system.
```

|Installers                 |Optional
|Native integration         |[Supported](native-integration.md)

## Packages

The SQL Server transport is available in two different packages:

> * [NServiceBus.Transport.SqlServer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.Transport.SqlServer), which uses the newer [Microsoft.Data.SqlClient](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [NServiceBus.Transport.SqlServer](https://www.nuget.org/packages/NServiceBus.Transport.SqlServer), which uses the newer [Microsoft.Data.SqlClient](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient).
```
